good in this video we will learn
how to turn on and configure what is to go
and inside our iphone phone yo
in this case I have a iphone 5 phone
with the operating system version ios
is 7 as many of you know siri
it helps us technically
questions of anything and obviously
get a more or less answer
I want to give an example and especially
for those people who do not know
exactly how does it work
regularly we have to do is
press and hold the home key on the
part of below and wait for us
make a sound for immediately
start talking I'm going to keep oppressed
the home key
how is the weather
well here I am asking you in
English because I have configured what
that is my sir and at this moment for the
English language although my phone does
I have in Spanish but then you
I want to show you exactly how
turn it on and move these settings
in the event that it is necessary I will
press the home key to exit
again he always tries to locate the
configuration icon exactly as you see it
at the bottom in the
phone settings we are going to
enter the general tab within
general we will find what is the
say tab and by clicking on the
tell tab and we at first
instance we will have the possibility
to turn it off or turn it on if you give yourself
account at this moment I have it
turned on that's why you see a color
as green if I move that control towards
the left would automatically be
paying and having it off I do not
would have the ability to move any
of its configurations in the part of
down
in the bottom part having what
on we will find in first
place what is the language if you give yourself
I had my phone in Spanish
more however if I had it in what
is the English language if I enter this
tab I can locate the language of
my preference then take what
let's say mexico and immediately after
go back to the previous tab
technically up to this point we
we have already selected the language of siri
and you're ready to technically
Let's start asking in Spanish now
in the next answer option
spoken if you realize
find the option of always that
means that at any time you
can you activate siri or maybe you could
select only when you had
a hands- free device we
we come back in the bottom part continues
my data information within the
what is my data are you going to find a
list of what your contacts are
currently you have on your phone
how can you tell if you are
taking my own information because I
I'm the owner of the phone in that option
I recommend that you leave it as it is
found there and then in the
part of below you will find elevate
to speak that means when
you hit what is the phone in the
ear you can technically activate
siri that way by default it
finds off this is technically
a personal taste I always leave it
deactivated because I like it more like
press the button quoted from home to
technically activate it and good up
this point we have already turned on and
configured what is to go and in our
own language the only thing that remains for you is
start asking him questions
I'm going to leave here
if you love me
but sometimes answer some
weird mean things but well
get to play with citi and then good to
see what you answer I want to mention you
something very important before finishing
this video if we come to what
is again the configuration we enter
back to what is general and we
we come to siri we are going to notice a great
difference with respect to the language that you
choose I do not know if you were an observer
at the beginning of this tutorial but I
I initially had the English language in
where I put an option more than me
I remove when I select the language
Spanish let me return it to English for
that you notice what I am mentioning
I'll go back if you notice in
some other languages ​​may give you the
possibility of changing the gender of the
voice in this case in the English language by
Default is a woman if I enter
that section
I could change it to man then you
technically if you have that possibility
to choose the genre you can select
what you like and in that way person
even more what is to go and my name is omar
castañeda see you in the next let me
a comment below this video and
tell me what kind of videos you would like most
see thanks